Let's define secure relationship using Jibia.
So he had investment table, we have column department 80 and this is basically the foreign key and
that is primary your department table.
So let's define this relationship using.
So go to student Adalah.
This is our identity class, right?
Come down and here now if you look at this table, OK, this is basically the column, OK?
Basically the primary key of our parent table, which is department table.
And what is the entity class we have department or tolerate?
So let's define field or type department.
OK.
Department like this one, and we need to map it column.
Join Parliamentary in, OK?
And the column name is department and has got it.
Now, what is the relationship from student to department, it is many to one, right, so that we need
to define using.
Many to one, in addition, this one.
Let's get us into this.
Don't forget this one, OK?
Standard getters and setters for this period.
Format and Soviet it well on the top.
So this is the relationship that we have defined, see here this department, it is not the normal column.
Okay, so don't use the ED column in recent years.
We need to use that Ad Jane column introduction and don't provide any data type like, you know, long
or integer for this column.
No, this particular column is the not normal one.
OK, like this one?
This is basically the foreign key.
So you need to use the entity glass of your parent.
You what example?
Which is the parent printable department table, right?
And what is the entity Glasby Health Department or Java?
So that we have used it already and relationship OK from student to department, it is many to one so
that we have defined using this entity.
So now let's go to subject table.
So here also, we held many to one relationship from subject to student.
But here, which is our parent table student table.
Right?
So let's go to over and did the class one subject landing.
And here we need to define one field type of our parent table.
So we need to use the appropriate entity class that is student, right?
So this is what we need to define in the same way.
Join Column.
What is the name?
This one right student underscored I.D..
Student and escort I.D. And this is also many to one relationship, right?
So defined like this, how getters and setters.
Select all standard format and serve it.
So this is the relationship from subject to student table, and that is many to one.
So this is how you can define the secure relationships while working with GP, use the Join column.
In addition, provide the column name, use the appropriate entity class and define the relationship.
Many do one one too many, many too many, whatever you have.
OK, so here we are done in the student and class and subject one.
Now let's run our spring wood application to verify that everything is good, OK?
Yes, I was putting what application got started on Port Adelaide, so we are good with this three entity
glasses and three repositories now in the next lecture.
We will see how to play around this recipe as, OK, whatever is being automatically provided for these
three tables using these three repositories and how to handle these relationships while we want to create
or delete the record.
So all the things we see in the upcoming lectures.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.